well so many distressing and upsetting
stories coming out of Gaza coming out of
Israel uh and there are many journalists
who are working there who are living
there uh in order to be able to share
the story so what is it like to work in
a war zone well Adnan Elber is a
journalist who works for BBC Arabic this
is what he witnessed on Thursday and a
warning once again that his story
contains some upsetting
scenes my name is ad a reporter for BBC
Arabic and a resident of Gaza here in
isifa hospital Buddhist lay everywhere
the injured scream for help you can
never forget these
sounds among the dead and wed my
cameraman Mahmood has seen his friend
Malik Malik has managed to survive but
his family have not this is my local
hospital
inside are my friends my neighbors this
is my community today has been one of
the most difficult days in my career I
have seen things I can't never
unsee this young girl's home was
destroyed her relatives have been killed
and she needs help my daughter is the
same age I want to give her a
hug in the chaos we try to understand
what is going on a mother called om
Muhammad sits next the bodies of her
family we were sleeping and they
bombarded our house like everyone else
we don't have any resistance fighters in
our building all the building is full of
residents 120 people live there the
corridors of Isa Hospital are filled
with
bodies
the more can no longer C the bodies of
the Dead have to be laid on the floor
outside the hospital
entrance you never want to become the
story yet in my city I feel helpless as
the dead were given no dignity and the
injured are left in pain Adan B BBC news
Gaza